hello friends at the moment today's feb we
we are emphasizing a theme of
extremely important for the movement
Brazilian spiritist
the agenda of the ordinary meeting of the council
federation national federation
spiritist for this year the month
of November 2014 was defined and already
we have informed since the month of February the
27 state federative entities that the
main theme of the cfm agenda will be the
child and family in the spiritist center
However, for the purpose of drawing up
for this cfn staff we are
suggesting that the level of
participation so that there is good
collective elaboration of a project that is
necessary for our movement
our suggestion is that entities
States in elaborating
subsidies proposed for this issue not
if circumscribe go to the departments of
childhood and youth because children and
family are themes that permeate the
various actions of the spiritist center
in these conditions what we are
requesting and suggesting is that
states or are
the various departments that
the theme of the child and the
family theme
we can not forget that a family
when you search when you reach the center
spiritist printed by some
need for support and guidance
can be inclusive
with the child with childhood
she may need the care
spirit of fraternal attention can
need psychic support may
need guidance on topics of
conversation may need to
guidance including support for the
own process of evangelization of the
childhood without talking about the
Differences that are all over Brazil
according to the regions and we have to
begin to understand the diversity of
our country
under these conditions we have children who
they attend the spiritist movement of a
social band that needs larger
educational attention partner as we have
children in other tracks
social
So we have to know what the
target audience what is the need
of those children
all this means that we can not
have a single proposal for the
care for children and the
family care
we have to have broad proposals with
doctrinal basis more appropriate to these
realities
hence the reason for this request
these subsidies reach the council
national federation based on
discussions under discussion and integrated
we talk a lot about being integral
we have to start thinking about
proposals in the spiritist movement that
support your integral service
since childhood and today we already have
even in brazil
such as the evangelization of the
baby that started in the federation
spiritist of the state of goiás
I therefore see the diversity that exists
we therefore have these proposals
until July 31 sent to
the national federative council of
Brazilian Spiritist Federation